Blow
Air gap
6 people a week
Of it is medium continue Super Saiyan
Sooo
Incompetent code character lacking in the air law master in dance art
Pain from human thinking It is possible to do big damage at once, such as the turtle waves from the headquarters.
it can
On the other hand, because stamina consumption is intense, you will also sell stamina by killer
Feather City government office cormorant cover of stamina weekly using yellow eyes of Ronboru unique
Timing is key because it becomes defenseless during engraving
You can transform into a Super Saiyan if you keep cutting it
In the Super Saiyan state, instant movement is attached to the attack which is all, so without getting in the way of the station
It is possible to say the future aspirations and
Son Goku's a la carte wave
Pillar education person station and possible loaders from the prefectural board of education anywhere, such as ground air
A member of the Super Saiyan state is intensified with the joining Nanatsu
However watch out because the same stamina would be reduced to firearms to error
Eat hermit God correspondence like the mainstream, such as many of the fight received the Battle of reproduction and j Stars
Cash and installment comb octopus N Wu gold about Niño to reach the top of
novel-always the fist they talk
Forecast wind based 海賊 海賊 本 デ イ ー
A lot of skills of the head and neck but it 's just a bit of a contradiction.
Because reach is long with the real ability of Gombo, the output of skills is slow, so the distance from the middle distance is packed at a stretch
It is alive and energy saving key like from
As it is intense once a week, it is necessary to be careful about that point
2nd a game second place is technique to cool in the timing by pressing the r 1 and the cross button
Ambient change
The power and performance of the technique is up depending on the input also attached to
Raise the attack gear with the charge of the bullet
Change cows from the second cow
In this state , Gar radio afternoon guard 9 minutes performance rises all characters
The guard in the dash gets more lightning and fresh green
90 second rear guard from gear second and outset work change
Seize say a change in the state so to ButaTaro
Approaching rapidly grasp the opponent with a rubber racket Once taken the distance
What can be a let not butter Guarding an opponent by connecting separator from there to the other
Boy straw hat look good press down battle style itself of the experienced rather of the
Aiming for the pleasure of the tournament called Chain Stars Victory Versus
Such is me the Pirate King look-
God Speed ​​That Belief Enemy
God speed angel who cuts wood because it puts out
Tenjin
I specialized in the continuation of the moat from the research
A flow of swordsmen at the starting point
Weapon Sakano East Ayute can steal the opponent's stamina though it is low
It is possible to how to fight while sealing the opponent's attack with the unpaid attack and counter
There is a city area, but because there is no skill to trade from a long distance , there is a middle son with his name.
color speed in the on state r 1 and at or entertain sect, etc., to Kobe cross button is also in the game
First
Packed in at once before in orbit, such as happiness guard 4-19 decided low
Training that has many mistakes leading to the attack in the first place early next time
Tsu can 2 be in the future from the full width position not only from beyond the stripe
It is possible to reproduce the flow perfect 5 series combo which got down in the end of the work in own
Those thousands inspiration of the ultimate anchor Aga ejection flow from the front to hear now that has been attacked in the figure blade 2
Line together
Tsuiru to the starting point that specializes in Ippoi large number of battle
The fight should devote the original vow of not killed Lou digger
j Stars Victory on the stage of Berthus
What does the will to live say
Stronger than anything